# Trigue
Trigue is a mobile app providing relevant and concise information for arbitrary consumption. Social media platforms thrive on the idea of providing easy and quick entertainment spiralling into hours of usage however no platform exists to provide value while providing the same addictive experience. Using a card based interface with an experience that relies on constant human interaction in the form of scrolling we are aiming to provide trivia, facts and knowledge about random topics across varied fields without expecting the user to have a search query in mind. Imagine boarding a metro train not knowing what to do, a lot of time we want to learn something but struggle to find that ‘something’, you can simply fire up the app click on one of the topics recommended based on your interests or something completely new, read about it within 5-6 cards supplemented with pictures and scroll up to move to the next topic. Not interested in a topic? Simply skip it. The aim is to provide constant stimulation to the brain in a fun and interactive manner. What are the topics? Anything and everything under the sun - greek mythology, bitcoin, psychology of biases. All the content will be curated and summarised in order to create the fastest consumption process.While many services have tried aggregating existing articles, none exist that provide concise information in a digital age friendly experience. The idea is to bring up the app alongside social networking apps when it comes to spending time. Our team consists of a combination of content and operation leads, technical lead and business lead with a prototype development already underway and the MVP set to launch in a couple of weeks.Our revenue model will be two fold with a combination of targeted ad generated revenue and an eventual introduction of a subscription model providing unlimited topics and an ad-less experience among other evolving benefits.The aim here is simple, to make you sound like the smartest person at your next party!
# How to run the project
1. clone directory
2. run 'yarn install'
#Strictly avoid npm install due to peer dependencies
